Draft requirements document for general purpose Continuous Benchmarking framework (#1)
conbench/conbench: README.md

# Conbench: Language-independent Continuous Benchmarking (CB) Framework

This project provides a developer framework to collect and manage data
generated by language-specific benchmark or performance testing frameworks. By
collecting performance data commit by commit as a project evolves, developers
can monitor performance regressions or improvements on different hardware
configurations, compilers, and operating systems.

## Project Status

This project is in specification / requirements gathering stage and not yet
ready for use. See [doc/REQUIREMENTS.md][1] for more.

> ## Related projects

Reviewer: I could also add https://github.com/h2oai/db-benchmark here. Most of the requirements listed in cobench are already implemented in db-benchmark.

# Conbench: Language-independent Continuous Benchmarking (CB) Framework

> This project provides a developer framework to collect and manage data

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Conbench** provides a Continuous Benchmarking (CB) framework to collect and manage data
```

> generated by language-specific benchmark or performance testing frameworks. By

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
generated by a language-specific benchmark or performance testing frameworks. By
```

> collecting performance data commit by commit as a project evolves, developers

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
collecting performance data for each commit as a project evolves, developers
```
